README.md, before:

# flutter-bloc-app-template 🤖
The project of the empty template with Flutter has built the basic framework to realize the functions of internationalization, theme peeling etc.

This template is focused on delivering a project with **static analysis** and **continuous integration** already in place.

[![style: lint][lint-style-badge]][lint-style-link]
[![codecov][codecov-badge]][codecov-link]
[![CI][ci-badge]][ci-link]
[![CodeFactor][codefactor-badge]][codefactor-link]
[![License][license-badge]][license-link]
[![style: effective dart][style-badge]][style-link]
[![GitHub forks][forks-badge]][forks-link]
[![GitHub stars][stars-badge]][stars-link]

## How to use 🐾
Just click on [![Use this template](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Use%20this%20template-brightgreen)](https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/generate) button to create a new repo starting from this template.

## Features 🦄
- Theme support
- BLoC pattern [**bloc**](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc)
- Service Locator using [**get_it**](https://pub.dev/packages/get_it)
- Localization using [**intl**](https://pub.dev/packages/intl)
- CI Setup with GitHub Actions
- Codecov Setup with GitHub Actions
- Unit test coverage

## Android Screenshots
<p align="left">
<img src="/preview/android/light_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/android/dark_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/android/yellow_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/settings.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/theme_bottom_sheet.png" width="32%"/>
</p>

## iOS Screenshots
<p align="left">
<img src="/preview/ios/light_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/dark_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/yellow_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/settings.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/theme_bottom_sheet.png" width="32%"/>
</p>


## Static Analysis 🔍

This template is using [**analyzer**](https://pub.dev/packages/analyzer)

Supported Lint [**Rules**](https://dart-lang.github.io/linter/lints/)

Supported Dart Code [**Metrics**](https://dartcodemetrics.dev/docs/getting-started/introduction)

Dart [**Lint**](https://github.com/passsy/dart-lint)

## CI ⚙️
This template is using [**GitHub Actions**](https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_app_skeleton/actions) as CI. You don't need to setup any external service and you should have a running CI once you start using this template.

## How to build 🛠️

The Project uses [**FlutterGen**](https://github.com/FlutterGen/flutter_gen) to generate localizations, dependencies and mocks

Activate flutter_gen using dart pub global activate flutter_gen command if you haven't done that before.

after add export PATH="$PATH":"$HOME/.pub-cache/bin" to bash_profile

``` bash
# clean project, install dependencies & generate sources
make

# generate localizations, dependencies, image assets, colors, fonts
make gen

# generate localizations
make localize

# analyze the project
check
```

## Reminders 🧠
Change name in pubspec.yaml file

Remove anything you don't need

Configure analysis_options.yaml for your needs

## Contributing 🤝

Feel free to open a issue or submit a pull request for any bugs/improvements.

## License 📄

This template is licensed under the MIT License - see the [License](LICENSE) file for details.
Please note that the generated template is offering to start with a MIT license but you can change it to whatever you wish, as long as you attribute under the MIT terms that you're using the template.

[lint-style-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-lint-4BC0F5.svg
[lint-style-link]: https://pub.dev/packages/lint
[codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=T68Rqwj7Ll
[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[ci-badge]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[ci-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[codefactor-badge]: https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/badge
[codefactor-link]: https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/dart-code-checker/dart-code-metrics
[license-link]: https://github.com/dart-code-checker/dart-code-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE
[style-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg
[style-link]: https://pub.dev/packages/effective_dart
[forks-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[forks-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/network
[stars-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[stars-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/stargazers

Commit message:

WIP Add core module + small refactor

README.md, after:

# Flutter Beyond Mono Module 🤖

Flutter Architecture Beyond Mono Module is a sample project that presents modern approach to [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) application development using [Dart](https://dart.dev/) and latest tech-stack.

The goal of the project is to demonstrate best practices, provide a set of guidelines, and present modern Flutter
application architecture that is modular, scalable, maintainable and testable. This application may look simple, but it
has all of these small details that will set the rock-solid foundation of the larger app suitable for bigger teams and
long application lifecycle management.

[![style: lint][lint-style-badge]][lint-style-link]
[![codecov][codecov-badge]][codecov-link]
[![CI][ci-badge]][ci-link]
[![CodeFactor][codefactor-badge]][codefactor-link]
[![License][license-badge]][license-link]
[![style: effective dart][style-badge]][style-link]
[![GitHub forks][forks-badge]][forks-link]
[![GitHub stars][stars-badge]][stars-link]

## How to use 🐾
Just click on [![Use this template](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Use%20this%20template-brightgreen)](https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/generate) button to create a new repo starting from this template.

## Features 🦄
- Theme support
- BLoC pattern [**bloc**](https://pub.dev/packages/bloc)
- Service Locator using [**get_it**](https://pub.dev/packages/get_it)
- Localization using [**intl**](https://pub.dev/packages/intl)
- CI Setup with GitHub Actions
- Codecov Setup with GitHub Actions
- Unit test coverage

## Android Screenshots
<p align="left">
<img src="/preview/android/light_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/android/dark_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/android/yellow_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/settings.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/theme_bottom_sheet.png" width="32%"/>
</p>

## iOS Screenshots
<p align="left">
<img src="/preview/ios/light_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/dark_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/yellow_theme.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/settings.png" width="32%"/>
<img src="/preview/ios/theme_bottom_sheet.png" width="32%"/>
</p>


## Static Analysis 🔍

This template is using [**analyzer**](https://pub.dev/packages/analyzer)

Supported Lint [**Rules**](https://dart-lang.github.io/linter/lints/)

Supported Dart Code [**Metrics**](https://dartcodemetrics.dev/docs/getting-started/introduction)

Dart [**Lint**](https://github.com/passsy/dart-lint)

## CI ⚙️
This template is using [**GitHub Actions**](https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_app_skeleton/actions) as CI. You don't need to setup any external service and you should have a running CI once you start using this template.

## How to build 🛠️

The Project uses [**FlutterGen**](https://github.com/FlutterGen/flutter_gen) to generate localizations, dependencies and mocks

Activate flutter_gen using dart pub global activate flutter_gen command if you haven't done that before.

after add export PATH="$PATH":"$HOME/.pub-cache/bin" to bash_profile

``` bash
# clean project, install dependencies & generate sources
make

# generate localizations, dependencies, image assets, colors, fonts
make gen

# generate localizations
make localize

# analyze the project
check
```

## Reminders 🧠
Change name in pubspec.yaml file

Remove anything you don't need

Configure analysis_options.yaml for your needs

## Contributing 🤝

Feel free to open a issue or submit a pull request for any bugs/improvements.

## License 📄

This template is licensed under the MIT License - see the [License](LICENSE) file for details.
Please note that the generated template is offering to start with a MIT license but you can change it to whatever you wish, as long as you attribute under the MIT terms that you're using the template.

[lint-style-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-lint-4BC0F5.svg
[lint-style-link]: https://pub.dev/packages/lint
[codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=T68Rqwj7Ll
[codecov-link]: https://codecov.io/gh/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[ci-badge]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg
[ci-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[codefactor-badge]: https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/badge
[codefactor-link]: https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/dart-code-checker/dart-code-metrics
[license-link]: https://github.com/dart-code-checker/dart-code-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE
[style-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg
[style-link]: https://pub.dev/packages/effective_dart
[forks-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[forks-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/network
[stars-badge]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template
[stars-link]: https://github.com/ashtanko/flutter_bloc_app_template/stargazers
